1. Based on the feedback other students got during our last class, I have two app ideas that I believe could be worked on and implemented well for this course. The first one being an app that gives you options on cities or areas that fit your desires. This app would take in different parameters such as desired climate, population, urban/rural, etc. from the user and essentially match them with a location that best fits their wants/needs. Another app idea that I believe could work for this course would be a diet logger. This app would allow the user to either enter their own food intake manually or pick from presets that closely resembles what they had to eat. This would allow for ease of use as well as accurate calorie tracking depending on what the user wants. 

2. I can think of two main ways to combine the ideas of a free app while also getting compensated for my efforts as a developer. The first way is to non-intrusively offer a way to donate if they enjoy the app enough, this is practiced by some apps that I know of, primarily by Wikipedia which runs completely off user donations as far as I’m aware. Another way to achieve this goal is to offer features in the app that are only available to paying users, this would take the form of a free and a premium version of the app. The free version might offer everything you need while the premium version would offer some convenience or customization options for how the app looks, that way the free users won’t feel like they are missing out on major features.

3. I think many very popular websites have excellent UI, otherwise they might not be as popular as they are, but I believe the one that has the best is Youtube. What makes this websites’ UI so good is its simplicity, all your options on the website are clear and obvious, you can search for a video, or click one of the eight or so videos they offer to you. Other than that, they have more options on the side menu, but none of these are necessary to use the website. I think having the baseline website experience be extremely simple is very important, and if you want to add more functionality, it should not interfere with the primary function.

4. Yes, the class discussion helped me with ideas that could be useful, and questions 1-3 helped me more visualize what an app I’d like to make might look like. The app should be useful in solving real problems that people might have, while being simple enough for the average person to use, and ideally offering more to users who want it without compromising the core user experience.

