Scott Gordon
Project Report

The problem that our application attempts to solve is the problem of permission number distribution.
A major complaint of professors regarding permission numbers is the large quantity of emails they get
requesting permission numbers. Students also feel frustrated with this system because they usually do not
get an immediate response from professors. The goal of our app is to simplify and automate a 
majority of the process. Within our app, the professor at any time can add classes, and for each class they
can add, remove, or free up permission numbers. Students can provide their name, email, and student ID,
choose a class, and request a permission number for that class. The students can also enter their email
or ID to see if they have already requested a number for a chosen class.

The current approach that most professors use is to simply have students email them with a permission
number request. This requires a lot of effort from the professor, having to keep track of which numbers
they've given out, and to reply to each student that asks. Our approach simplifies the process to a
single setup with the same benefits of being able to monitor which numbers are taken. With our approach,
students also don't have to wait for an email response, they will immediately be given a number if one is
available, or they will be notified that there are no more numbers to distribute.

Another approach professors are using is to create a google document with the permission numbers all
listed. The professor will usually require students to enter their name next to a number that they
would like to reserve. This approach is better than the previous one because it involves less direct
communication with many students. The downside to this approach is that the order in which students
take the numbers are random, and it relies on students filling out the form correctly and fully. Our
approach will not give out any permission number unless credentials are provided, and it will not give
out any permission number multiple times unless the professor explicitly frees it.